c:\users\graeme.macadam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Phoneword\Phoneword\bin\Debug\Phoneword.dll
c:\users\graeme.macadam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Phoneword\Phoneword\bin\Debug\Phoneword.pdb
c:\users\graeme.macadam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Phoneword\Phoneword\bin\Debug\Phoneword.Phoneword.apk
c:\users\graeme.macadam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Phoneword\Phoneword\bin\Debug\Phoneword.Phoneword-Signed.apk
c:\users\graeme.macadam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Phoneword\Phoneword\obj\Debug\Phoneword.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\graeme.macadam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Phoneword\Phoneword\obj\Debug\Phoneword.dll
c:\users\graeme.macadam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Phoneword\Phoneword\obj\Debug\Phoneword.pdb
c:\users\graeme.macadam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Phoneword\Phoneword\obj\Debug\android\bin\Phoneword.Phoneword.apk
c:\users\graeme.macadam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Phoneword\Phoneword\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\graeme.macadam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Phoneword\Phoneword\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\graeme.macadam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Phoneword\Phoneword\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\graeme.macadam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Phoneword\Phoneword\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\graeme.macadam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Phoneword\Phoneword\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\graeme.macadam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Phoneword\Phoneword\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\graeme.macadam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Phoneword\Phoneword\obj\Debug\res\drawable-ldpi\icon.png
c:\users\graeme.macadam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Phoneword\Phoneword\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\icon.png
c:\users\graeme.macadam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Phoneword\Phoneword\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\graeme.macadam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Phoneword\Phoneword\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\graeme.macadam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Phoneword\Phoneword\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\graeme.macadam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Phoneword\Phoneword\bin\Debug\Phoneword.dll.mdb
c:\users\graeme.macadam\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Phoneword\Phoneword\obj\Debug\android\assets\Phoneword.dll.mdb
